Bump `open-aea` and `open-autonomy ` frameworks (#41)
valory-xyz/governatooorr: HISTORY.md

# Release History - `governatooorr`

## 0.1.0alpha8 (2023-06-26)

- Bumps frameworks to `open-autonony-0.10.7` and `open-aea-1.35` #41

> - Retrieve fewer snapshot proposals, focusing on the ones that expire first 
>   and drop snapshot proposals at the end of the period since they are retrieved every period anyway, 
>   and having too many produces a registration payload too big issue #40

Author: ```suggestion
- Retrieves fewer snapshot proposals, focusing on the ones that expire first 
  and drops snapshot proposals at the end of the period since they are retrieved every period anyway, 
  and having too many produces a registration payload too big issue #40
```
